story 

Background: I am 32 and self employed. My ex-wife also self employed and educated.

We both loved each other a lot.. Been in relationship for almost 9 years now.. 3.5 years pre marriage and 5.5 years post marriage

Our relationship was killed silently over so many years by my in laws' over involvement in our married life… Which has been proved by court too.. and have found them guilty.

We have a kid, and is with me.

Present:

1. I get up at 6 am while my kid is still asleep

2. Go to gym and Back by 7

3. Kid Wakes up

4. We both get ready for the day

5. Have Breakfast which my mother makes..

6. I leave for work with a good bye kiss to my child

7. All well till the end of the day

8. Reach home.. see my kid sharing so many things that he learnt in school…

9. Happy to spend time with him

10. Have dinner and go to bed by 10.30 pm for my child.

Whole day my mom and dad take care of my child.

It's almost a smooth going life.. but somewhere I miss my child's mother.. feel pity for my child that even though it was not his fault, he has become mother less for whole of his life..

While at work… These thoughts don't come … But as soon as I reach home.. feel that emptiness in me and my child's life..

Many say that children grow up with out parents also… yes they are right… But giving advice and digesting that same thing in real life is way too difficult..

We never thought that one day we won't be together… We promised to stay together… We promised to be with each other in every moment of life…

But …..

Still waiting!!! May be one day she might turn up!!

It's worse to be Divorced without anyone's fault..!!

Flashback of all the memories we spent together keeps running into my thoughts daily!! After my child sleeps, I read novels or watch TV to kill time… Then slip in to sleep… That feeling kills!!

Trying to move On.. but … Some where that emptiness will remain forever!!

N.B.: I am a very practical person!! But it Pains!!! And then emotions for my child take over!!